hey guys John fee from phone ringing
here right now I'm taking a hands-on
book yet the acer iconia b1 it's gonna
be their entry-level the latest entry
level Android powered tablet now it's a
small form factor of course 7 inches in
size 1024 x 600 display on there and no
word exactly and what the pricing is
going to be but you know it's going to
be somewhere in the very very affordable
category so looking around the tablet as
far as the construction it has a
textured finish in the back so almost
like a rubbery feel a little bit in a
soft touch side a good grip in the hand
and you have some you know a little bit
wider bezels on the side so you can hold
it without having to interfere with the
touch operation so on the left sided
tablet looks like you have a micro SD
card slot that to increase its storage
capacity it actually has 32 gigabytes of
internal storage for each pretty hefty
for you know something like that you
have your speaker bottom here
front-facing camera at a top on the
right side you have just a volume
control looks like a little bit of a
flat side but still spring in response
during a half millimeter headset jack
you have the micro USB port for charging
data connectivity and see what else we
got around here no Cameron fortunately
in the rear no rear camera I it's
running android ELC exactly what version
it's running show you real quick here
so it is Android 422 jelly beans powered
by a dual-core one point three gigahertz
processor and I get for most basic needs
I'll get the job done you know more
processing to the stuff mike has a
little bit of stutter but for basic
things circling the web stuff like that
should get should be more than fective
enough to handle that nothing to flash
you with the overall design again being
more of an entry-level device that does
it have to be it's all it's all them be
the price point which will probably hear
about very shortly but this is a quick
look at the Easter conia be one it is
Easter's latest 7-inch android powered
tablet seeing that's going to be part of
the you know budget category it's going
to be available shortly so if you want
to learn more about it you can check out
our website guys phone ringing comms
jaanvi thanks for watching